c:\users\ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\AngularApi.dll.config
c:\users\ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\AngularApi.dll
c:\users\ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\AngularApi.pdb
c:\users\ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\obj\Debug\AngularApi.dll
c:\users\ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\obj\Debug\AngularApi.pdb
c:\Users\Ebram\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\Users\Ebram\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
c:\Users\Ebram\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
C:\Users\Ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\obj\Debug\AngularApi.Migrations.mig1.resources
C:\Users\Ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\obj\Debug\AngularApi.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Ebram\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
C:\Users\Ebram\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
C:\Users\Ebram\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
C:\Users\Ebram\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Ebram\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Ebram\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Ebram\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Ebram\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Ebram\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
C:\Users\Ebram\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.pdb
C:\Users\Ebram\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.xml
C:\Users\Ebram\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.pdb
C:\Users\Ebram\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.xml
C:\Users\Ebram\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Ebram\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
C:\Users\Ebram\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Ebram\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Ebram\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Ebram\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.pdb
C:\Users\Ebram\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
C:\Users\Ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Ebram\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AngularApi\AngularApi\obj\Debug\AngularApi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\AngularApi.dll.config
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\AngularApi.dll
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\AngularApi.pdb
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Owin.dll
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.pdb
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.xml
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.pdb
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.xml
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.pdb
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\obj\Debug\AngularApi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\obj\Debug\AngularApi.Migrations.mig1.resources
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\obj\Debug\AngularApi.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\obj\Debug\AngularApi.dll
D:\DataBases2018\AngularApi\AngularApi\obj\Debug\AngularApi.pdb
